Update Azure DevOps Oauth configuration instructions (#3036)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_setting-up-the-microsoft-azure-devops-services-oauth-app.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:description: Setting up the Microsoft Entra ID OAuth App
:keywords: azure, devops, oauth
:navtitle: Setting up the Microsoft Entra ID OAuth App
// :page-aliases:

pass:[<!-- vale RedHat.TermsWarnings = NO -->]

[id="setting-up-the-microsoft-entra-id-oauth-app"]
= Setting up the Microsoft Entra ID OAuth App

> Set up a Microsoft Entra ID OAuth App using OAuth 2.0.

Reviewer: Abstract restates title. Add WHY the user would do this.

```suggestion
Set up a Microsoft Entra ID OAuth App to enable {prod-short} users to interact with Azure DevOps Git repositories without re-entering credentials.
```

.Procedure

. link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/quickstart-register-app[Register an application in Microsoft Entra ID].
. Add *Authorization callback URL*: `pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]/api/oauth/callback` to your application, see: link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/how-to-add-redirect-uri[].
. link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/how-to-add-credentials?tabs=client-secret[Add a client secret to your application].
. Add Azure DevOps `vso.code_write` permission to the client application, see: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/quickstart-configure-app-access-web-apis#add-permissions-to-access-your-web-api

> . link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/connect-organization-to-azure-ad?view=azure-devops#connect-your-organization-to-microsoft-entra-id-1[Connect your Azure DevOps organization to Microsoft Entra ID]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Register an application in Microsoft Entra ID. See link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/quickstart-register-app[Register an application].
. Add the *Authorization callback URL* `pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]/api/oauth/callback` to your application. See link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/how-to-add-redirect-uri[Add a redirect URI].
. Add a client secret to your application. See link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/how-to-add-credentials?tabs=client-secret[Add credentials].
. Add the Azure DevOps `vso.code_write` permission to the client application. See link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/quickstart-configure-app-access-web-apis#add-permissions-to-access-your-web-api[Add permissions to access your web API].
. Connect your Azure DevOps organization to Microsoft Entra ID. See link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/connect-organization-to-azure-ad?view=azure-devops#connect-your-organization-to-microsoft-entra-id-1[Connect your organization to Microsoft Entra ID].
```
